1. What type would you choose for the following "numbers"?
 * A person’s telephone number
     int
 * A person’s height
	 float or int depending on measurement scale
 * A person’s age
	 byte
 * A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer)
	 char
 * A person’s salary
	 uint or ulong, depending on the scale
 * A book’s ISBN
	 char
 * A book’s price
     short or byte
 * A book’s shipping weight
	 float or double depending on scale
 * A country’s population
	 uint
 * The number of stars in the universe
	 ulong or uint
 * The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
   United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business)
	 ushort
2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is boxing and unboxing?
      The difference between value type and reference type variables are that the values store the actual values, while
	  reference types store the location in which the variable is stored. 
	  Boxing is the process of converting a value type to a type object, and unboxing undos the boxing.
3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
      It is meant to describe the resources denoted by whether the resource is under direct control over by the runtime.
4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
	  The purpose of the garbage collector is to remove unnecessary memory space created by the stack and the heap. 
	  It automatically frees up the memory for use for other programs.
	  
Controlling Flow and Converting Types
Test your Knowledge
1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
	In C#, an DivideByZeroException occurs.
2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
	In C#, this will run normally and output infinity as per the IEEE 754 standard.
3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its range?
	The variable will go into its negative range. This is because the bit which represents the negative values gets flipped to its negative state.
4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
	Preincrement vs. PostIncrement. The first one will assign x equaling to y, then y increments, while the second one will increment first then assign x = y.
5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop statement?
	break exits out of a loop, continue goes to the end of the loop, and return exits out of the function in question.
6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
	There is the initializiation, condition, and post-operation. The condition is required.
7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?	
	 = assigns, while == checks if both sides are equal.
8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
	 It does compile. It will not execute anything, though.
9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
	 default case.
10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach statement?
	 Enumerable